{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14500\viewh16760\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 1. Abstract: However, the high computational and operational cost of inference, document retrieval, indexing and data handling should be taken into account when designing a system. \'97> This doesn't really make sense.. You use RAGs for making LLMs grounded on some data and HPC to accelerate computational time\
\
 2. Abstract: You might want to add a paragraph with highlighted results. (After HPC testing as well)\
\
3. 1.4 Research Objectives and Scope \'97> A better narrative would be that we are using open-source models of various sizes and we want to explore what can we run locally on laptops and what on HPC and what are the limitations\
\
4. 1.5 Research Questions and Hypotheses: RQ4 \'97> also add how larger models of the same family that you couldn\'92t run on your laptop now can run here (HPC). How does this affect your metrics? e.g. Llama 8B vs Llama 72B\
\
5. 2.2.1 Overview (page 19) \'97> Fill this white space with text from next page\
\
6. 2.2.3 Development Paradigms and Their E!ect on LLM Performance (page 22) \'97> same here\
\
7. 2.3.4 Advanced Techniques Explored in the Implementation \'97> I think this is not needed here\
\
8. 4.1 Introduction: This project employs an experimental engineering approach to software development. \'97> I don\'92t think the software development is the area of focus of this thesis. \
\
9. 4.2 Research Framework and Design \'97> delete sentence: All six RAG architecture families appear in FIGURE 4.2 \
\
10. All of these workflows will then be ready to be run in the future on an HPC \'97> All of these workflows will then run on an HPC\
\
11. While the ultimate goal of running this on an HPC is not to modify the RAG logic\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 of the system, it is expected that some retrieval strategies (such as those \
using shared resources, schedulers etc.) may behave differently depending\
on the specific characteristics of the HPC execution environment (storage\
locations etc.), compared to their performance when executing within a local\
environment \'97> ???\
\
11. 4.4 System Architecture: (llama3.1) \'97> what size are You using ?\
\
12. 4.5.3 Tuned Version Using a Vector Database RAG \'97> what do you expect to happen when setting chunk size higher? Why not set it smaller?\
\
13. 4.5.4 Reranking RAG: \'91the top 10 reranked candidates\'92 \'97> How are these 10 different from 4.5.2 ?\
\
14. 4.6.1 System Performance Metrics: When comparing HPC systems with RAG systems, we anticipate collecting the same timing fields as before; however, we plan to collect additional timing fields which relate specifically to HPC (i.e., queue time, container start-up, service start-up, data-transfer time) in order to separate them from actual times associated with RAG pipeline execution time fields which relate specifically to HPC (i.e., queue time, container start-up, service start-up, data-transfer time) in order to separate them from actual times associated with RAG pipeline execution time. \'97> Delete paragraph. The same values are collected when running on HPC\
\
15. 4.7 Reproducibility and Documentation \'97> If you have comments on your code this is also documentation\
\
16. 4.8 Summary \'97> Do you have a section on testing?\
\
17. 4.8 Summary: for training/testing \'97> evaluation \
\
18. 5.2.1 Software Environment \'97> Mention VLLM for HPC\
\
19. 5.2.2 Models and Services \'97> mention that models are open source and available to download from Huggingface \
\
20. Don\'92t use \'91\'92paper\'92\'92 \'97> use \'91\'92thesis\'92\'92 \
\
21. 6.2 Results of the Local Runs: Table \'97> make bold the best result in each metric. Also add unites where needed\
\
22. 6.2.2 Local Retrieval and Answer Quality: Second, when doing manual-scoring we look to see if you provided enough detail about each operation, or if you left anything out. \'97> So ?}