{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14500\viewh17100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 1. Abstract \'97> \cf2 I suggest you do another one pass and pay attention to any grammatical and syntactical issues. Check for the following issues:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
a) inconsistent verb tenses,\
b) missing articles (\'93the\'94, \'93a\'94),\
c) incorrect plural/singular usage,\
d) repeated wording,\
e) and awkward phrasing.\
\
2. Chapter 1 - Introduction \'97> Some ideas are repeated multiple times across Chapters 1 and 2. Examples include:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
1. the explanation of RAG workflows,\
2. the distinction between retrieval-level and model-level optimization,\
3. and the discussion of hybrid retrieval trade-offs \
\
3. 1.3 Problem Definition --> splitter should be split\
\
4. 1.5 Research Questions and Hypotheses \'97> Should be: How does the same RAG workflow behave...\
\
5. 1.6 Research Methodology Overview \'97>  Figure font is too small and difficult to read. Consider removing white space and make the figure bigger for readability. (The font size applies to every figure)\
\
6. 2.2.2 Transformer Architecture \'97>  Figure font is too small and difficult to read. Consider removing white space and make the figure bigger for readability.\
\
7. Chapter 3\'96Literature Review \'97> You can improve this chapter by considering the following suggestions:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
1. comparing studies more critically rather than just discussing them individually,\
2. discussing limitations of previous works,\
3. and finally, explain more explicitly how this thesis differs from prior research.\
Even a short comparative discussion table summarizing related studies would improve the chapter.\
\
8. 4.4 System Architecture \'97> Figure font is too small and difficult to read. Consider removing white space and make the figure bigger for readability.\
\
9. 4.5 Implemented RAG Pipelines \'97> Same comment as figure above. Remove white space and make the table bigger for better readability.\
\
Since you are using Latex you can also consider using a Latex table here instead of a screenshot image.\
\
10. 5.2.3 InputCorpus \'97> Avoid future tense, use present instead\
\
11. Chapter6\'96Results andDiscussion \'97> This chapter can be improved if you include a deeper analytical discussion of the results.\
\
 \
\
}